class-06/README.md, before:

# The DOM, Domain Modeling, and Introduction to Objects

## Class Outline

- Code review of previous class lab assignment
- Code demo
  - Object literals
  - DOM manipulation
- New project introduction and problem domain breakdown
- Lab preview and prep

## Learning Objectives

### Students will be able to

#### Describe and Define

- An HTML document as an object that can be manipulated with JavaScript.
- Object Literals in JavaScript.
  - Access and reassign their properties and methods.
- Dot and Bracket Notation for JavaScript objects.

#### Execute

- Translate a real-world problem domain into a code model by using provided user stories and technical requirements.
- Dynamically add new HTML tags (lists) to the DOM using JavaScript, from an array.
- Create a JavaScript object using object literal notation.
- Manage a JavaScript object using dot and bracket notation.

## Notes

1. What is the DOM?

1. What is DOM manipulation?

1. What are JavaScript objects?

1. What are JavaScript methods?

### One-on-One Meetings

The instructor will have a 15-minute one-on-one meeting with each student during the coming week: this will be an opportunity to review your progress, answer any questions you have, and discuss any topics the instructor sees appropriate, such as your future plans in the program. We will start the process of scheduling those meetings very soon.

Commit message:

added notes and demos from lecture

class-06/README.md, after:

# The DOM, Domain Modeling, and Introduction to Objects

## Today's Links and Examples
- [Code Review](lab05a-code-review)
- [Lecture Notes](lecture-notes.md)
- [Objects REPL](https://replit.com/join/jfsbzjumtl-reynaldooliva)
- [In Class Demo Code](demo/domain-modeling-and-dom/)

## Class Outline

- Code review of previous class lab assignment
- Code demo
  - Object literals
  - DOM manipulation
- New project introduction and problem domain breakdown
- Lab preview and prep

## Learning Objectives

### Students will be able to

#### Describe and Define

- An HTML document as an object that can be manipulated with JavaScript.
- Object Literals in JavaScript.
  - Access and reassign their properties and methods.
- Dot and Bracket Notation for JavaScript objects.

#### Execute

- Translate a real-world problem domain into a code model by using provided user stories and technical requirements.
- Dynamically add new HTML tags (lists) to the DOM using JavaScript, from an array.
- Create a JavaScript object using object literal notation.
- Manage a JavaScript object using dot and bracket notation.

## Notes

1. What is the DOM?

1. What is DOM manipulation?

1. What are JavaScript objects?

1. What are JavaScript methods?

### One-on-One Meetings

The instructor will have a 15-minute one-on-one meeting with each student during the coming week: this will be an opportunity to review your progress, answer any questions you have, and discuss any topics the instructor sees appropriate, such as your future plans in the program. We will start the process of scheduling those meetings very soon.
